cambria nice life league right now get
some good stage control right here
you've been doing a lot all the crispy
have smashed right there with the flour
two minute that so yeah rakhna to
Purple's become Monique Satori okay I
Monique's all day okay Wow big name is
all and so does this seems like is this
gonna be the problem right here which is
he wants to go in but he's having a hard
time getting through yeah but then he
has to pretty much depend oh and I
really unsafe approaches or his lasers
in like you know that's not gonna kill
though there's again committing to that
that uh that air attack he didn't have
to do that took damage for that yeah I
would like to see some more neutral
ayres from him though because I mean
he's definitely getting in the range for
up tilt or anything like that but i
think you know maybe like a couple cross
up Mitchell layers or something okay
well grab yeah that's worked in like
every every smash game box jab jab yeah
hey Jeff job in this game now though jab
jab forever dubsmash so I see what he's
trying to do right here I definitely
respect the fact that he's changing up
his style he wasn't using nearly as much
phantasm or illusion until now he
realized that's pretty much the only
moving hitbox he could get in there and
he's catching him almost finishing with
that up here it's great they actually
load the recovery in this game of it too
oh yeah I'll buy a lot man like he's
SWAT Dodgers like oh ten frames after he
lands y ou are you got it so now it's up
he approached option this is rough he's
not the pulls out the stock as soon as
possible why not
I put it work the next doc if you want
something this hey I'm struggling to get
that pic now that wiping literally gave
my twenty percent right there all right
oh no mrs. mabb smashing Coco will
capitalize makes it a guy having a good
time to like haha you're getting body
yes what do you play catcher like Alomar
and like you do that to somebody it's
like man this guy really did not wait
you know like this why were you thinking
the whole time he's like yeah you
definitely don't know this matchup I'm a
whole bunch of a a rare character being
played right now so like yeah I don't
really know a lot of people that would
know this matchup when you're gonna have
to you have to make some kind of Judge
man Oh switch oh I respect this tamari
oh I respect this I only respect us
because I mean anyone who picks out of
pocket Mario you note about Italy and
some kind of work they they they they
got something yeah no no I convicts
Mario it does not apply my here I
character hassle i mean i don't think
that i think the character is one of the
easier characters to pick up not two not
necessarily saying he's gonna get you to
it like a tournament win yeah but if you
need a quick secondary definitely you
know investor time Mario that's a great
question works out I think he's a lot
better than this game any city any other
any really all right so going into Game
two mouth filled okay I know to be
really hard to approach characters with
the projectiles underneath the
battlefield platforms yeah so olimar but
you know Marta does have a good tracker
also so also I feel like just because of
the how quick Omar is I mean like not
all Myers how like safe Mario usually is
Cook is probably gonna try to respect
just a little bit more than you were
expecting that Fox I'd look like too
much right now however he did a lot
allowed to run and get that free grab at
the beginning it just hasn't really been
never capitalized anything after that I
don't know if you saw what just happened
um Mario when he is a pic been on
ammonia's up feed gets the coins it
actually goes down as up here that could
be really potentially bad trying to get
with the Pikmin on you all right
even when keeping us in the back row
with that picture my day have a hard
time getting this one off and you got to
use like direction of he doesn't have
like a full attack that gets everything
off like like sacred engine you know my
neutral ever get everything off actually
a lot of characters don't have a tag for
that yeah yeah oh I eat em smash yeah
that's really clean that's unfortunate
this small of our Senate 31-percent it's
gonna be a real uphill battle for uh I
wish to bring this back in Mario all
right once again got the double
Monique's that's so unfortunate to have
to deal with to like like you can't like
that now Pikmin throw was actually like
a threat yeah you can't just right
through it you know I think I can't run
through my arm get this grab any way but
like now you got to take this hit box as
well so it's punch for their not be I
don't know what he was trying to do a
defeat but ok I'll follow up you know no
real good fellows oh yeah i mean he's
getting a couple tickets every now and
then but nothing major oh my gosh it's
not a route catches it up
okay oh that the eye there it is wow
that's exactly what i was talking about
that's unfortunate oh did i shorten it
as well yeah i think it makes it smaller
Wow all right well they're very easy
game over there by Coco so uh you know
gets debt from the boy right here ouch i
was also the memory and shirts like the
Adept shirt all i got one yeah that's
was nice so not exactly sure what's
coming over we like GTA night and o jg
ogj night yeah Rosaline to play all
right yeah and our JT 5565 he's a guy
actually who took gamer and put him in
the losers so uh yeah I mean the sonic
sonic vs rosalina a speedy wish what's
the game's match I'm excited for that I
I've actually never seen gamer play I
know he's really good you know I see him
on Twitter talking about his game and
watch but I've never seen a full gay
gamer max so I won't ever